README.md, before:

# Free Palestine

## Introduction

This is a open source project that aims to show the current situations in Gaza. Anyone from any where in the world can upload image here. And it will be publicly available for everyone to see. BUT WE WILL ONLY ALLOW GAZA AND PALESTINE RELATED IMAGES. This repo is open for contribution. You can contribute to this project by adding new features, fixing bugs, improving documentation, and more.

## How to Run locally

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether you're fixing a bug, implementing a new feature, or improving documentation, your efforts help make this project better for everyone.

### 1. Fork the Repository

Click the "Fork" button at the top-right corner of this repository to create your own fork.

### 2. Clone Your Fork

Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/monzim/free-palestine.git
```

### 3. Create a New Branch

```bash
git checkout -b my-new-branch
```

### 4. Make Changes

Make any changes you want to the project. Add any new features. Fix any bugs. Make sure the project builds successfully.

### 5. Commit Changes

    ```bash
    git commit -m "my changes"
    ```

### 6. Push Changes

    ```bash
    git push origin my-new-branch
    ```

### 7. Create Pull Request

Go to your fork on GitHub, and click the "Compare & pull request" button. From here, you can open a pull request, in which you explain the changes you want to make and why you want to make them. When you're ready, click the "Create pull request" button.

### 8. Describe Your Pull Request

Provide a clear and detailed description of your changes in the pull request. Include information about what the changes aim to achieve.

### 9. Request Review

Assign the pull request to a relevant person or the project maintainers for review. If you're unsure, feel free to leave it for general community review.

## Contributors

- [Azraf Al Monzim](https://github.com/monzim) - creator and maintainer
- [Md. Asaduzzman Arabin](https://github.com/azn-arabin) - contributor

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

# Thank You!

Thank you for contributing to Free-Palestine! Your efforts are highly appreciated.

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further assistance.

Commit message:

Add Free-Palestine Awareness Gallery to README.md

README.md, after:

# Free Palestine

Welcome to the Free-Palestine Awareness Gallery, a platform for sharing images that reflect the current situation in Gaza and Palestine. In the face of limitations on certain social media platforms, this gallery provides a space where individuals can contribute and amplify the voices of those directly affected.

## Introduction

This is a open source project that aims to show the current situations in Gaza. Anyone from any where in the world can upload image here. And it will be publicly available for everyone to see. BUT WE WILL ONLY ALLOW GAZA AND PALESTINE RELATED IMAGES. This repo is open for contribution. You can contribute to this project by adding new features, fixing bugs, improving documentation, and more.

## How to Run locally

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## How to Contribute

We welcome contributions from the community! Whether you're fixing a bug, implementing a new feature, or improving documentation, your efforts help make this project better for everyone.

### 1. Fork the Repository

Click the "Fork" button at the top-right corner of this repository to create your own fork.

### 2. Clone Your Fork

Clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/monzim/free-palestine.git
```

### 3. Create a New Branch

```bash
git checkout -b my-new-branch
```

### 4. Make Changes

Make any changes you want to the project. Add any new features. Fix any bugs. Make sure the project builds successfully.

### 5. Commit Changes

    ```bash
    git commit -m "my changes"
    ```

### 6. Push Changes

    ```bash
    git push origin my-new-branch
    ```

### 7. Create Pull Request

Go to your fork on GitHub, and click the "Compare & pull request" button. From here, you can open a pull request, in which you explain the changes you want to make and why you want to make them. When you're ready, click the "Create pull request" button.

### 8. Describe Your Pull Request

Provide a clear and detailed description of your changes in the pull request. Include information about what the changes aim to achieve.

### 9. Request Review

Assign the pull request to a relevant person or the project maintainers for review. If you're unsure, feel free to leave it for general community review.

## Contributors

- [Azraf Al Monzim](https://github.com/monzim) - creator and maintainer
- [Md. Asaduzzman Arabin](https://github.com/azn-arabin) - contributor

## License

This project is open source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

# Thank You!

Thank you for contributing to Free-Palestine! Your efforts are highly appreciated.

Feel free to reach out if you have any questions or need further assistance.
